Index
Life of a Student:
all of us wants a better college experince, some things are in our control, some out of control
Factors - Living experience, back ground, flexibility and college experience 

1. is there a relation? what kind of relation? what kind of factors effect it?  

Problem statement:
To investigate whether there is a correlation between demographic, academic, and living factors.  A series of surveys (two in total) will focus on identifying the challenges that students face in areas such as accommodation, transportation, educational support, college schedules, health services, and other matters.
 
Target population: DAB program Students




The team has come up with a hypothesis statement for the capstone project. Please find below both negative and positive aspects of the problem and the relation we want to explore on.

Hypothesis - Positive 
1.           Students with stable work histories and relatable educational backgrounds respond positively towards academic acceptance.
2.           Students from different demographic backgrounds and living situations show different levels of academic acceptance.
The study can aim to outline specific challenges or obstacles encountered by different groups of students.

Hypothesis - Negative
1.	There is no significant correlation between demographics, work history, education background and living situations with academic easiness and acceptance among students.


Probable Outcomes
Showcase any correlation between demographic factors and ease of living/academics
Provide high-level details on challenges faced by students
Group data based on demographic factors
Gather general feedback from students on their DAB experiences
Identify the various services utilized by students
Assess the impact of various college services in addressing student needs.


Solutioning
to use all phadses fo a data journey  (collection  -- pre processing -- transformation -- prediction - outcomes)
Primary sol: Data story - jo journey batayega - Student background se leke uske academic exproience connection
extra: short useful insights regarding student's feedback towards services, college 

Technologies - Data flow



